Xuan Kingdom's people
Suffer this calamity
If I avoid battle
Then hearts will turn away
Xie Xuan, receive orders
Your general is here
Muster troops and attack
Cover the people entering the city
Orders received
Your Highness
Follow military orders
Yes
Xie's army charges into the enemy formation
Successfully scatters the Wuzhao's supervision team
But is also tightly engaged by the prepared Wuzhao army
That was waiting
Shilang takes advantage to launch a strong attack
You personally lead troops in a desperate defense
Buying time for the people
To escape
A day later
Yiyang falls
You're a real man
I'll give you a quick death